[improve][docs] Improve examples and language (#16057)
apache/pulsar: site2/docs/concepts-messaging.md

When batching is enabled, the producer accumulates and sends a batch of messages in a single request. The batch size is defined by the maximum number of messages and the maximum publish latency. Therefore, the backlog size represents the total number of batches instead of the total number of messages.

> In Pulsar, batches are tracked and stored as single units rather than as individual messages. Consumers will unbundle a batch into individual messages. However, scheduled messages (configured through the `deliverAt` or the `deliverAfter` parameter) are always sent as individual messages even when batching is enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Pulsar, batches are tracked and stored as single units rather than as individual messages. Consumers unbundle a batch into individual messages. However, scheduled messages (configured through the `deliverAt` or the `deliverAfter` parameter) are always sent as individual messages even when batching is enabled.
```

Write in the simple present tense as much as possible if you are covering facts that were, are, and forever shall be true. https://docs.google.com/document/d/1lc5j4RtuLIzlEYCBo97AC8-U_3Erzs_lxpkDuseU0n4/edit#bookmark=id.e8uqh1awkcnp

Redelivery count | Redelivery delay
:--------------------|:-----------

> 1 | 10 + 1 seconds

Author: The 2nd set of examples are for the ack timeout redelviery delivery delay. It makes sense that the overall delay is timeout (10s) + backoff). But here the examples are for the negative ack redelivery delay which should just be the backoff time from the negative ack if I understand correctly. Hence why I've removed the `10 +`.

Reviewer: @tjiuming any feedback on this?

#### Key_Shared

> In *Key_Shared* type, multiple consumers can attach to the same subscription. Messages are delivered in a distribution across consumers and messages with the same key or same ordering key are delivered to only one consumer. No matter how many times the message is re-delivered, it is delivered to the same consumer. When a consumer connects or disconnects it will cause the served consumer to change for some message keys.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In *Key_Shared* type, multiple consumers can attach to the same subscription. Messages are delivered in a distribution across consumers and messages with the same key or same ordering key are delivered to only one consumer. No matter how many times the message is re-delivered, it is delivered to the same consumer. When a consumer connects or disconnects, it causes the served consumer to change some message keys.
```

is this correct?
